Fix BWC issue when reading Role.Properties from the cluster state (#16884)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.9.2.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed a BWC issue resulting in an exception when doing a rolling upgrade of a
>   cluster with custom users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a BWC issue resulting in an exception when using custom user/roles created on a CrateDB version < :ref:`version_5.9.0`.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Applied and adjusted to fit in 80 symbols per line.
